[Music]
so i'm very lucky
my boyfriend partner for five years
who's behind the camera right now
he was the one who got me to go vegan so
i haven't had to deal with that
personally we went vegan together
stayed vegan together been vegan
together for almost three years now and
uh just loving
every every moment every second every
day
clap
[Music]
yeah it's fun to be different it's fun
to challenge the status quo it's
it's all fun so this is going to be the
23rd
video on my most hated playlist
the stop treating women
like infants playlist and you know you
can hate that playlist all you want to
i have had people writing into me saying
that it really positively impacted their
lives
that it really changed the way they
thought about gender
and gender equality how we live with it
what we do about it we're all human
beings
we got to make human decisions
human ethical commitments
that have ethical consequences you can
disagree with me
but you can't call me a hypocrite on
this issue i treat this issue
exactly the same way when the genders
are reversed and no
this is not the first time it came up
there was a youtuber called jaco wacko
vegano
who made the transition from
vegan to ex-vegan and then on to
anti-vegan
and you know you can guess what i have
to say on this topic just by reading the
titles
of some of these videos when your
girlfriend dumps you because you're not
vegan
the moral basis of veganism his
girlfriend should dump him
veganism you're only as good
as the people you make excuses for that
that runs deep i mean if you think about
being a vegan in a relationship with
someone who's ex vegan
man you are only as good as the people
you make
excuses for india blunt simple to the
point
can vegans love and respect ex-vegans
no that couple the couple you see on
screen here
jackal wacko and his girlfriend um
they had the same story as these guys
were talking about today
maddie lindberner and her boyfriend they
had the same story as oh
you know i became vegan for him and she
became vegan for me and we became vegan
together and
it was this special commitment it was
this special thing in our relationship
okay well
so what does it mean that you didn't
dump that person when they became
ex-vegan
what does that say about them and what
does it say about you
um things like 101 reasons to go vegan
and like gary yourofsky's speech we
watched those things together
and we went vegan together stayed vegan
together been vegan together for almost
three years now
and uh just loving every every moment
every second every day
and i know what a lot of you guys are
thinking a lot of you guys are thinking
but she's so hot but she's so good no
no i mean first and foremost let's face
out the fact that
maddie lindberner is not hot she's not
attractive
she's not even pretty she is straight up
ugly
with a lowercase u and you know that's
cool
you can live great meaningful life as an
ugly person
you can even be a fitness instructor or
an athlete
but if i'm looking at maddie limburner
i'm thinking wow you've really got your
work cut out for you
if you're actually going to try to earn
your living on the basis of your
appearance
i mean nobody should try to earn their
living on the basis of their parents
if you can possibly avoid earning your
living on the basis of your appearance
try to do anything else anywhere else
try to find
some other way to put food on the table
because it's a terrible denigrating
position to find yourself in
no matter how beautiful you may be but
yeah maddie lindberner
she's not beautiful she's not attractive
but if she were if you imagine maddie
limberner were the most
attractive person in the world what does
it
say about you if you're even thinking
that
someone could be hot enough they could
be
hot enough that this wouldn't matter
would it matter to you if you got
together because you were both
atheist and then your girlfriend decided
to become
a muslim would it matter to you if you
got together because you were both
involved in anti-racist activism
and then your boyfriend or girlfriend
became a neo-nazi
like do ethics matter to you or not
do ethics tell you something about the
person you love
or not and most fundamentally of all as
i alluded to in that uh
in the title of that video you're only
as good
as the people you make excuses for
and like i was a very compassionate
person to begin with like i really
really loved animals so like seeing like
real footage of like animals being
slaughtered and stuff like that
really really got to me would you be in
a relationship with someone
who's just a little bit racist or just a
little bit anti-semitic
or you know where you're atheist but
they've converted to islam and started
practicing that religion like
oh well you know but i love him so much
oh but you know she's so hot she's so
attracted
like you're going to make excuses for
this person for their ethical
decisions yeah
that's partly a judgment on them it's
partly a judgment on your relationship
with them but with time
it becomes a judgment on you also
the ethics of this person you love you
care for
you make excuses for it's not just that
it reflects badly on who they are
with time it becomes who you are also
been popping she's just a damn man
recognized real real
what i always say is people want to be
inspired rather than
push people don't want to be convinced
then you get defensive
yeah it's like an attack on what you do
and like
veganism and food is such a huge part of
our lives
and it's a huge thing for people to
change so
you just gotta make them super tasty
meals get them to try
things you know allow them to take baby
steps if they have
questions provide them with as much
resources as you can but really try not
to be that pushy
convincing person because